Readme: Add forking support statement (#69)
hashicorp/terraform-enterprise-helm: README.md

This chart is used to install Terraform Enterprise in a generic Kubernetes environment. It is minimal in its configuration and contains the basic things necessary to launch Terraform Enterprise on a Kubernetes cluster.

> ## Forking supported
> 
> This helm chart aims to meet the needs of 80% of customers. You are welcome to fork this chart and adapt it to your organization’s requirements. 
> 
> In case you open a ticket with HashiCorp support, please include your custom helm chart alongside your support bundle.

Author: ```suggestion
## Forking supported
This helm chart aims to meet the needs of the majority of our users. You are welcome to fork our helm chart and adapt it to your organization’s requirements. 

If you contact HashiCorp support, include your custom helm chart alongside your support bundle to ensure support has all the information they need.
```
